So one of the ways that people would simulate sets is to essentially create an hollowed out object essentially
So you said and we'll do objects create and then we'll pass and no reason we're passing and no it's
so that way.
It's prototype it is set to no meaning that it won't accidentally inherit any properties or things like
that.
Then afterwards you would do something like set a property on the object so you said foo equals true.
And like I said sets aren't really used to retrieve information they're really just use to check for
the existence of that information of that value.
And the reason that said it's true is that way if I did like if said foo it would return true.
So it's a great way to check for the value.
That's really the only difference between simulating a map and simulating a set is whenever you would
simulate a map you would actually store of value inside of it.
So the only difference is the information that's being stored so that map equals object does create
or create.
There we go you know Iligan that way it doesn't accidentally inherit anything.
And we do map.
Foo equals actual information.
And then later on it would be used to retrieve value.
So that's the way they would do it.
They would use sets but they would use hollowed out objects to kind of simulate a set.
And now I would just check for the existence of value and maps would be used to actually retrieve information.